.Dd June 29, 2025
.Dt P 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm p
.Nd visualize invisible and invalid bytes in different encodings.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl options
.Op Fl 1 | n
.Op Fl x | o | d | p | . | r | C
.Op Fl X | O | D | P | @ | R
.Op Fl lwsSBma
.Op Fl b | A | 8
.Ar
.Nm unlink
.Op Fl -
.Ar file

.\"   --help          Print a longer help message with more options
.\"   -f              Interpret all arguments as filenames, not strings
.\"   -c              Check if any escapes are printed, and exit nonzero if so.
.\"   -q              Don't output anything. (Useful with -c)
.\"   -1 / -n         Disable prefixes; Separate arguments with newlines / spaces.
.\" ESCAPES (Mutually exclusive; Uppercase escapes control illegal bytes)
.\"   -x (-X)         Print in hex notation
.\"   -o (-O)         Print in octal notation
.\"   -d (-D)         Delete from the output
.\"   -p (-P)         Print unchanged
.\"   -. (-@)         Replace with a period ('.')
.\"   -r (-R)         Replace with the replacement character (\uFFFD)
.\"   -C              Replace escaped chars with their "control pictures"
.\" SPECIFIC ESCAPES
.\"   -l / -w         Don't escape newlines / newlines, tabs, or spaces.
.\"   -s / -S         Escape spaces by highlighting it / with "pictures".
.\"   -B and -\       Escape backslashes. (default unless colour or "ESCAPES" given)
.\"   -m              Escape multibyte characters with their Unicode codepoint.
.\"   -a              Escape _every_ character. (Must be used with an "ESCAPES")
.\" INPUT DATA (UTF-8 is default unless POSIXLY_CORRECT is set)
.\"   -b / -A / -8    Interpret inputs as binary text / ASCII / UTF-8.
.\"   -E encoding     Specify the (ASCII-compatible) encoding.
